# 2023-3-5 - 5c Creativity - (3-2)

[Decklist](https://www.mtggoldfish.com/deck/5459779)

## Match 1 - mairon42 - GB Saga - Win (2-0)

Die Roll: Loss

### Game 1 - Win

Mull to 6, kept double Wrenn, double T3f, Bolt. Got T1 Thoughtseiezed taking one of the W6. Thought Yawg maybe? Then they played Goyf and Bob? What year is this? Golgari midrange, of some variation I guess. Debatably bad, but I left Bob alone, to deal with the Goyfs to slow their clock down. This got them around 3 cards? He eventually played Elvish Reclaimer + Saga and everything made sense. Started stabilizing, and then a top decked Creativity stabilized me and solidly buried their, by-then anemic, board.

### Afterthoughts

Was not used to my new Raugrin Triome and fetched oddly. Play tighter.

+1 Boseiju, +3 Veil, +4 Leyline, -1 Xmog, -3 T3f, -4 Pierce

### Game 2 - Win

Kept Bolt, Veil, Leyline. Turn 0 leyline, and he IoK'd the Veil. Opponent had Blooming Marsh into Saga, but then stumbled on lands, using their Saga fetch to get a Haywire mite to blow my Fable. But between drawing non-stop lands and an Archon, and pressuring with a Goblin Shaman while making tokens, I was able to bury them with a ramped, hard-cast Archon.

## Match 2 - TrueJTron - Domain Zoo - Win (2-0)

Die Roll: Lost

### Game 1 - Win

Kept a sketchy hand of 5 lands, Bolt, Fable, but opp had Jegantha which signaled small creatures to me. Felt validated when opp led with a Nacatl. Drawing a Leyline Binding on T1 was also nice. Opp didn't follow up with more creatures, so was able to play a pretty safe W6 after bolting the Nacatl. They did get in a cheeky binding on that W6 tho. They committed a Ragavan, I Binding their Leyline to be able to kill it next turn, and they conceded.

-4 Spell Pierce, +3 Nature's Claim (bindings/life gain), +1 Boseiju (lands/bindings)

### Game 2 - Win

Kept 7 with Claim, W6, Binding, Lands. Opp T1 Ragavan, so I weird fetched to T1 PEnding. Opponent conceded to that, lol.

## Match 3 - kotka - Rakdos Scam - Win (2-1)

Die Roll: Won

### Game 1 - Win

No idea what my opponent was on T1, so I blined fetched Jetmir, but misclicked into Raugrin. It's probably fine. Had to play a Dwarven Mine tapped, but opp main phase fetched into a Night's Whisper off RB lands? Opp Grief'd but didn't Scam me! They took a Creativity and left me on 3 lands, none in hand, with a Transmog. Ripped a Mine off the top and my dwarf didn't get Fury'd. Archon quickly buried them.

+4 Leyline, +1 Emrakul, +3 Veil, -3 T3f, -4 Spell Pierce, -1 Xmog

### Game 2 - Loss

Mull to 5 feels real bad vs Scam. Decided to take one hit off their T1 Ragavan, to smooth out my land order, which gave them a Fable :( Didn't matter anyway, they just played a Voidwalker and scammed T2. Too much to fight through, especially on the draw.

### Game 3 - Win

Kept a strong 7. Double Veil, Binding, Bolt, W6, Mine, Fetch. Managed to land a W6 while keeping up all my interaction available with Jetmir. Opponent saved a Dauthi from a bolt instead of scamming, but I was able to follow up with PEnding. Things were going pretty well, but they managed to Fury my W6 (can't Veil red). Binding'd the fury, followed up with a Veil-protected Creativity. They cast a VERY late Blood Moon, and I fetched to get another Dwarf to Creativity again the next turn, which they conceded to.

## Match 4 - HornDogs - Jeskai Breach - Loss (1-2)

Die Roll: Loss

### Game 1 - Loss

Opp had T1 Ragavan, and I let him get a hit to preserve mana sanity. Revealed a Fable, they cast Fable. Ooof. T3f making things hard, but managed to get in a W6 to fix mana problems. Opponent cast 2x DRC and value breached. Managed to T3f and Binding to give myself one more turn (Token + 2x DRC put me to 1), but Opp had the bolt.

+4 Leyline of the Void, +1 Iona, +1 Boseiju, -2 Prismari, -2 W6, -2 Fable

### Game 2 - Win

Early on, I decided to be patient instead of jamming W6 into a Spell Pierce w/o my own as backup, and instead just hold up my Pierce. This was rewarded, they had a pierce, and I managed to resolve Wrenn. They unfoirtunately were then able to resolve a Moon. The Fable in my hand provided me something to work with, but the Bolt + Heat cleaned up the dwarf and my Wren. They tapped out as my fable flipped, and I was able to Xmog into an Iona (red). Iona Got there!

-4 Leyline, +2 Fable, +2 Prismari

### Game 3 - Loss

Mull to 6, keeping lands, Boseiju, Creativity, Spell Pierce. Needed to take another hit off a T1(ish) Ragavan (before binding next turn). Revealing an Archon! Cast a Creativity X=1 with Pierce backup, but perhaps too quickly (they still had some mana), which also put me sorta shields down to a moon (which wasn't cast). Opp cast a Jegantha, I drew my Iona. They started Iterating. Opp breached, and I missed Boseiju-ing the Breach so they could only bolt me once.

### Afterthoughts

Really should have been a bit more patient, or X=2 at the crucial turn to avoid removal since Pierce was close to dead anyway? There were a lot of ways where tighter play could have won me game 3.

## Match 5 - xxGIRLxxGAMERxx - Rakdos Scam - Win (2-1)

Die Roll: Won

### Game 1 - Win

Kept 7 with good lands, a bit of action, but no super strong pieces. Opp T1 BlackCleave into Ragavan, luckily IJ'm on the play so I can fetch a triome and still bolt before a Ragavan hit. Being on the play and good draws got me out of letting them resolve a Fable (despite a Pierce in my hand I tapped off of). At a certain point, I have a lot in play and a lot going on, but my opponent still has 7 cards in hands. Which is worrying. And then they Grief. And Fury. Not being able to Pierce Evokers is incredibly annoying. The Grief was hardcast, but the fury couldn't get Scam'd. Despite them wrecking everything, top-decking a creativity to go with my Dwarf in hand gets there.

-3 T3f, -4 Spell Pierce, -2 Prismari, +4 Leyline, +3 Veil, +1 Boseiju (Perhaps overboarding. Pierce is still good v moon)

### Game 2 - Loss

Kept sketchy 6 w/ leyline, 1 fetch and double wrenn. Any land makes this good. Except for a tapped land. Which I drew. This T1 Ragavan is going to hurt. Well it revealed Iona. Had to pick between Leyline (taking away their Rag or Grief) or W6 setting up for Creativity next turn. Leylined the grief. Which both kept me off of Creativity AND let their Rag snatch away a Fable.

-4 Leyline, +2 Pierce, +2 Prismari

### Game 3 - Win

Kept 6 w/ Lands + Wrenn + Creativity. Played the Wrenn, Opponent Furied it and did a bit of stuff setting up their own board. This resulted in them tapping out on their T3 which let me T4 a Mine+Creativity. The Archon ended up just burying them in value.

## Reflections

Overall, I think my play has gotten better, but my list definitely has not kept up. The number and split of Boseiju is weird, Emrakul is a bit of a crutch for Mill that I don't think I need (the matchups where I want another finisher, I think I'd prefer Iona or Sundering Titan). Also, Leyline of the Void is.... weird. There are some games where it does good things for me, but other games where I'd much rather have something like Turn The Earth. I should MASSIVELY switch up my sideboard before the next time through. In the main deck, I think I'm pretty happy (except for maybe cutting the Boseiju in the main). I also don't hate the idea of leaning more into Green between the main/side and running a Forest in the board. That being said, Blood Moon wasn't even that bad as long as I played against it correctly (even without my sideboard stuff).

Happy to get what I think is my first 4-1, but kinda bummed that some very obvious misplays are all that kept me from my first 5-0.
