# 2024-01-16 - Amulet Titan - (2-3)

[Decklist](https://www.streamdecker.com/deck/_exH9UuZu)

##  Match 1 - k2slice - Rhinos - Win (2-0)

Die Roll: Win

### Game 1 - Win

Opponent led off turn 1 with a Wooded Foothills into a Lorien Revealed. Soooooo Rhinos again. I started setting up for a big 3 Amulet turn, and opponent decided to Shardless Agent in some rhinos on their turn. This tapped them off interaction (other than Subtlety), so I decided to jam it and was rewarded. Chaining Titans got there.

-4 Saga, -2 Explore, +3 Defense Grid, +1 Engineered Explosives, +2 Spelunking

### Game 2 - Win

I kept a hand with my choice of T1 Amulet or Grazer, and T2 Defense Grid. I was able to get both double amulet and Defense Grid in play for a bit until opponent Flames of Anor'd it. Opponent stumbling around the Grid this long gave me enough time to assemble a hand of threats (The One Ring/Primeval Titans). On a crucial turn they Iced my Growth Chamber, then Tidebindered my The One Ring activation. This gave me free reign to just jam a titan and murder them as long as they didn't have subtlety. Aaaaaand they didn't :)

##  Match 2 - Samcaster-Mage - Hardened Scales - Loss (1-2)

Die Roll: Won

### Game 1 - Win

Kept a hand with Amulet + Mycosynth gardens, but no threat. Boseiju'd a T1 scales to keep my opponent off their game, but did really bad about sequencing my lands. I had my first ever 20 damage turn, but opponent was able to block effectively to stay alive. A second 20 damage turn later on got us through to the dub.

-4 Saga, -1 CC +1 EE, +1 FOV, +1 Cursed Totem, +1 Radiant Fountain, +1 Spelunking

### Game 2 - Loss

I kept a strong hand with Grazer, Force of Vigor and double Boseiju. We mostly both did our things, but I misclicked while I was chaining titans, didn't have enough mana to finish things off, and died miserably. Very, very costly misclick. I need to be more cognizant of MTGO mechanics.

### Game 3  - Loss

Starting this game, I was super low on clock and had already been playing loose, so my play did not improve. I was playing quickly, and managed to land a Primeval Titan, but didn't think my lands through enough and got "okay" lands. But that lost me the game, when I'm confident there was a line that would have won it.

### Afterthoughts

Looking back, this game is a big example of how I need to get better about playing with a clock and being confident in my play. Clock has been an issue, and the combination of sloppy play and fear of the clock combined to lose me a match I definitely could have won if I was playing my best.

Some how need to calm down, play well, and play fast.

##  Match 3 - RagingTiltMonster - 2014 Affinity - Win (2-0)

Die Roll: Win

### Game 1 - Win

I mulled to 5, but it was okay. Grazer into maybe a T4 or so Titan? Opponent led off with Darksteel Citadel, Memnite, and Springleaf Drum. It's like 2014 Affinity, but without Mox Opal (poor guy). Grazer is a house and kept blocking everything for a few turns until I ended up getting to 6 mana. Opponent conceded to me casting a Titan.

I probably didn't need to Sideboard too hard, but I wanted to try and respect my opponent a little. Maybe I shouldn't have.

-2 Saga, -2 Explore, +1 CC, +1 EE, +1 Fov +1 Radiant

### Game 2 - Win

I kept an Amulet-less hand, but with a Saga and Grazer, hoping to stay alive long enough to do stuff. Ended up drawing 2 amulets, so was on track to setting up for T3 titans. However, to do so I had to leave a Cranial Plating in play, un-Boseiju'd betting that the opponent couldn't kill me from 20. I could have bounced my Boseiju to my hand to kill it, but decided mana development was more important. Grazer blocked their 10/1 Vault Skirge (based).

On my turn my opponent conceded to my Primeval Titan being cast, but I'm not convinced they were dead. They had a Haywire Mite, Springleaf Drum, and Aether Spellbomb on board. If they bounced my titan when I went to combat (tap mite + drum for blue, crack spellbomb), I'm not convinced I would have 100% survived the following turn. Opponent gave me more credit than I was due.

##  Match 4 - marcelo bacana - Scam - Loss (0-2)

Die Roll: Win

### Game 1 - Loss

Started with a 7 that was INCREDIBLY close to being good. I (responsibly) mulliganed it. Kept my 6, but I should have gone to 5.

Opponent T1 Grief'd me (not scammed), stripped my hand, and I had to start making decisions about channelling or playing Boseiju. I ended up keeping the Boseiju in hand and blowing up their Fable and kept Otawara in hand for the Goblin token. I decided the token wasn't doing much since my opponent already had a ton of mana and I was at a very healthy life total, and that I should keep the Otawara for Sheoldred or to play as land 6 for a topdecked titan. Gotta play to my outs!

Opponent took that titan I was playing for with a Ragavan and rudely didn't cast it to let me Otwara it back to my hand. Opponent ended up KCommanding me in my next draw step, and I missed copying my Amulet they were shattering with my in-play Gardens. It didn't end up mattering, but another example of poor play due to trying to play quickly.

Not sure how to Sideboard in the matchup. I need to revisit some Kanister streams.

+2 Spelunking, +1 Wurmcoil Engine, +1 Endurance, -2 Explore, -2 Urza's Saga

### Game 2 - Loss

I kept a strong 6. Lands, development, and threats. Opponent Grief'd away my titan, but that wasn't a huge deal due the the rest of the hand's quality. My lands ended up getting awkward and I screwed myself out of mana by trying to play a second Boseiju. Also, forgot that scam brings in Magus of the Moon, so Dismembers (or a pactable target?) should come in. I wanted to Ambush Viper my Endurance for the Magus, but didn't hold up GG on the crucial turn. I should have played stronger to that out instead of playing not to lose.

I ended up resolving a Titan, and needed about one more turn of swinging to get there. However, I didn't play my last blocker (a grazer) before combat, so when opponent scammed their blocking grief in combat, they took the last blocker I needed to save myself from lethal.

### Afterthoughts

A lot more loose play here. It's flustering playing against scam, but I was never out of the match. My own misplays cost me the match here.

It's worth noting, there was a period where I had a bunch of spare pacts, couldn't cast titan, but a Thornscape Battlemage or Itzquinth would have won me the game. I like idea of having the out in my sideboard. I'm wondering if this is a fluke or if I want it more than Kanister thinks...

##  Match 5 - Delta_Sanku - Hammer Time - Loss (1-2)

Die Roll: Loss

### Game 1 - Loss

My 7 and 6 card hands were terrible. 5 was.... okay. So I took it.

Opponent played a T1 Sigarda's Aid into a T2 Stoneforge. When they swung T3, I figured if they didn't natural draw the second hammer, I could absorb the hit (instead of chumping with Dryad) and be super well off the following turn. Sooooo. On to game 2.

-Cultivator Colossus, -1 Explore, +1 Engineered Explosives, +1 Force of Vigor

### Game 2 - Win

I wanted to go FAST, but my 7 was a slow but _very_ strong hand. On opponent's T2, I was able to Force of Vigor their T1 hammer and T2 Urza's Saga. After that I was able to control things by channeling Boseijus until I found a titan. Opponent conceded to the titan cast.

### Game 3 - Loss

I, once again, prioritized a fast hand. The 6 was a super strong, super fast hand... if I drew a second land and it had green on it. This was stupid. I should have mulliganed further, maybe to a more controlling hand (I'm probably not the beatdown here).

Opponent took a slow hand, but I wasn't able to play the game and just ended up dying.

## Afterthoughts

This league taught me two very important lessons:

**First:** I need to mulligan more aggressively. If my hand can't do anything, and I can't picture lines or draws that take me to a win, I should mulligan away even 5 and 6 card hands. Play to win, not to do specific flashy plays. Who cares if you have 3 amulets on turn 4? Get a titan in play Turn 3.

**Second:** I need to respect the clock, but calm down and play my game. Worrying about the clock and playing fast and loose lost me multiple games this time through. I need to be patient and decide on a line correctly, but when I know what line I want, execute it quickly. 