# 2024-01-15 - Amulet Titan - (2-3)

[Decklist](https://www.streamdecker.com/deck/_exH9UuZu)

##  Match 1 - arturcosdta - Boros Convoke - Win (2-0)

Die Roll: Loss

### Game 1 - Win

Mull to 6, but with double amulet, grazer, and a pact seems good. Opponent casts T1 Thraben Inspector which seems like slow humans, but then casts T2 Gleeful demolition which scares the bejeezus outta me. I end up drawing another Amulet, so 3 amulets into pacting for a titan let me do the Simic Growth Chamber/Tolaria West chain getting 2 more Titans for a T3 kill. Good first game on Titan on MTGO!

I expected Blood Moon, so I brought in Generous Ent and Force of Vigor. Also, since they're a fast aggressive deck, I brought in Fountain and Wurmcoil (also castable under moon). All Sagas out since I'm optimizing for speed.

# Game 2 - Win

It was a loose keep leaning into a T2 grazer locking down the ground and Radiant fountain keeping me alive. They T1 Epicure, but sac the blood token for card draw instead of murder. Ended up drawing Selesnya Sanctuary letting me start recurring my Radiant fountain, which the opp immediately conceded to without seeing the Titan I naturally drew.

## Match 2 - Liquidfear - Rhinos - Win (2-1)

Die Roll: Won

### Game 1 - Loss
 
I kept a reasonable amulet + Gardens hand. T1 Stomping Grounds -> Lorien. Mild fear, but I didn't know what they were on. Ah, they supsended rhinos. I played double amulet, transmuted TWest, and Boseiju their ketria. I maybe should have just held double Boseiju, but wanted to use mana efficiently. Cast TOR as Tidebinder bait at their 3 mana, possibly loose if they just have the cascader in hand tho? I wasn't really under any pressure, so just chilling and developing mana instead of going aggressively for comboing was probably correct. That being said, things didn't get better if they had permission.

I thought I was dead, but scooped to early. The explore I drew would have let me cast titan even though he iced me. PLAY TO YOUR OUTS.

+3 Grid, +1 EXplosives, -3 Grazer (leave one for pact), -1 Explore (This was bad)

### Game 2 - Win

I kept a 6 card hand with Amulet, The One Ring and Titan (and saga and gardens). Patience is the name of this game.. Got map off of saga for a bounceland (instead of going hard on amulets super early). Having 3 threats in hand with developed mana feels powerful vs a limited amount of permission.

That being said, homie just didn't counter anything? Just fucking resolving stuff vs rhinos??

He spent extra mana on spare rhinos for a slight edge, which gave me a turn off of getting iced, but he kept having answers for my amulets :( Good thing I kept drawing replacements lol. After a few turns of chaining The One Rings, opponent didn't realize I had protection, Iced my blockers, swung out, and conceded in the face of a couple on board titans when they realized their mistake.

-4 Saga (forgot about FoV before), -1 Explore, -1 Grazer, +1 EE, +2 Spelunking, +3 DG

### Game 3 - Win

I mulled a couple slow hands that leaned too hard into DG. Ended keeping a 5 leaning into a T3 def grid on the draw. Shit. I'ma die.

Holy shit my opponent plays slow though. Rhinos dude starting R3 at 6m vs my 10:30 is crazy. Oh wait, he's repeatedly DCing. DC is wild. I might win based on time if he can't reconnect.

Opp lost to clock :( They had the cards to put me in the ground, but lost to technical difficulties. Big sad for them, but I'll take the dub.

### Post-Match

Lesson (from G2): Sometimes you just need to play through their counters. And sometimes they won't have it.

## Match 3 - McYorka - Rhinos - Loss (0-2)

Die Roll: Win

### Game 1 - Loss

Kept Saga, TOR, Dryad, Titan, Grazer, Bounceland. Miscalculated when I'd have 3 mana. Rhinos had quick hand with FoN backup to counter my ToR's protection. 

Almost immediately scooped, but played to outs I knew I had. I had 2 amulets entering at the same time, and I knew I could win vs anything but tidebinder. Opponent had Tidebinder.

-4 Saga, -2 Explore, +3 DG, +2 Spelunking, +1 EE

### Game 2 - Loss

Wonky keep with Spelunking + Amulet. Cast spelunking T2 as FoN/FoV bait. Picked up the FoN :) Iced me agressively, got a T3 10 power, and beat my face in. I tried to stabilize w/ TOR and once again died to tidebinder.

## Match 4 - not_storm - Jund Sagavan - Loss - (1-2)

Die Roll: Win

### Game 1 - Loss

Kept a hand w/ Grazer, Saga and Explore. Thank goodness vs a T1 Ragav- ah, they Pushed it. Ended up drawing really awkward lands, and Wrenn Recurring Saga for constructs was too much to deal with. Maybe I should have focused more on my own set up, as opposed to disrupting theirs and playing a fair game? I started tilting and playing too loose. Lots of pressure from opponent.

-4 Saga, -1 Explore (Since prob bringing in answers for saga), +1 each: endurance, EE Force of Vigor, Wurmcoil, Ent

### Game 2 - Win

REALLY Sketchy hand. Really slow, was getting beat by a rag. Put a Dryad into play, opp did a bunch of work to get rid of it (EE for 3 + Treasure, Treasure to blow it), drew another and amulet. Opp Needled TOR.

Could not draw a land for my life, but had 4 wonky lands that could cast endurance so tried to bait. Ended up just casting the endurance, and holding my opponent off with Endurance + Dryad + Slayers Stronghold.

Eventuallty was able to draw and cast a titan, kill his shit, and work him over.

Same sideboard

### Game 2 - Loss

Not a lot of notes here because I was super pressed on time, but a lot more REALLY awkward land draws. This league has been a ton of practice in figuring out how to make do when what I have is TRASH. Also in playing faster and not keeping hands that do something cool eventually, and preferring hands that do something middling, but soon. But also somehow in patience?

## Match 5 - Lucien_Lachance - Living End - Loss (0-2)

Racing an edible. 

Die Roll: Won

### Game 1 - Loss

Opponent did very little to start the game, just doing some cycling. I did a big ol' huge turn, eating a TON of clock, looking to swing for lethal. He just LE'd on my go-to combat. Oh yeah. Forgot about the "instant speed wrath" part of that deck. RIP this is why we play like this.

-3 Saga, +1 Endurance, Ent, Bog. This was incorrect, as I REALLY needed my DGs. I'm happy with the other stuff I brought in though. So probably -4 Saga, -2 Explore, add same, and add 3 Defense Grids.

### Game 2 - Loss

This was a really long, grindy game. We were stuck in a stalemate, and opponent was playing scared vs my Dryad and Ent after his first LE? He could have swung wide and abyssed me, but decided not to swing which let me build up my board for a few turns unmolested. I almost killed w/ Valakuts, but opp LE'd my Dryad before the last trigger. I had been planning to Boseiju my own dryad, but didn't realize it had an "opponents' stuff only" clause. Also, opp Subtlety'd my last Primetime that could have ended things.

## Reflections

This league taught me a TON. Just getting a little experience against the field right now is going to help me going into MagicCon Chicago. Super greatful for the All-Access day on MTGO, and I'll probably resub to ManaTraders for a month when I get back from Thailand.

More specifically, I need to be better at selecting between patience and turbo killing. There were a few times where I got taken advantage of because I chose the wrong one. I need to break my habit of playing how the opponent wants to play, and look for how my opponent _doesn't_ want to play (i.e. don't make constructs and play a fair game when I can just cast 6/6's at my midrange opponent).