# 2019-10-04 - FNM Report - Jund - (3-0)

3-0 First event ever playing Jund!!

## Round 1 - Sid - Amulet Titan - Win (2-0)

### Game 1 - Win

Played against Sid on Amulet Titan. Really chill, talkative guy and we have some casual conversation as we shuffle up. He's on the play. He goes down to 5, but I have a really slow start with lots of land. Eventually, I land a Liliana and start shredding his hand and drop some threats to pressure and defend. Get there.

+3 Fulminator Mage, +2 Plague Engineers, +1 Grudge, -2 Push, -2 Inquisition, -2 W6. Probably should have found a slot for Alpine Moon, but wasn't sure what to cut or how to use it effectively.

### Game 2 - Win

Game two was quite a bit more sketch. I played an early Inquisition and saw a Negate, Amulet, Simic Bounceland, Karn the Great Creator, and some less important lands. I could only take amulet or negate, and felt like I could deal with an amulet later. But in the interest of not letting Amulet have their game plan, I took it which felt a little shaky. A turn or two later, he played his only bounce land, and I got priority at a point where he didn't hold up blue for the negate and managed to trophy it. He also ended up landing the Karn and wishing with him. Held a bolt to not give away information, he wished for a Crucible, I killed his Karn, and the game was done shortly after. 1-0

## Round 2 - Daniel - Hardened Scales - Win (2-0)

### Game 1 - Win

I've played this guy a lot at the store. Not a huge fan of his, but he plays a lot of decks. He played next to me round one so I knew what he was on and was NOT happy about playing against him. He's on the play. Game one he was leaning on his Nurturing Peatlands (GB Canopy) for mana and hurting himself a lot. He played some threats (actually, a lot of threats picked up from 3x Ancient Stirrings) but I managed to use removal at the right moments to never let him get to a safe board with mobile counters.

+2 Plague Engineer, +2 Ancient Grudge, +1 EE, +2 Ouphe, but I can't remember for the life of me what I cut. I need to take better notes on how I boarded.

### Game 2 - Win

I was nervous the whole game. In the midgame, I managed to play a Plague engineer to clean up the thopters left by a Hangarback I killed, but he followed up with Arcbound Ravager and Arcbound worker. This left him with no mana open, but a tapped Inkmoth. The next turn (after my draw step) my hand was Assassin's Trophy and Maelstrom Pulse. My first impulse was to Trophy first so that if he sac'd to it, he wouldn't get the land, but that left me open to him not sac-ing to it, getting the land, animating inkmoth and out maneuvering my removal. Sequencing Pulse -> Trophy won me the game.

## Round 3 - Taylor - Burn - (2-1)

Another cheerful, chatty guy. We have some friendly banter.
"Haha I hate to say it, but my sister's name is Cameron."
"Yeah, well I have an ex named Taylor."
Neither of us won that exchange so we decided to play magic instead :P

### Game 1 - Loss

He's on the play. I took a hand with a decent amount of removal, because I saw him play earlier and thought he was on Mono-R Prowess. At some point I Inquisition him, see a hand with ONLY BURN SPELLS, and realize that I done fucked up. After I get lit up like the sky over a cornfield on the 4th of July, we go to game 2.

-1 W6, -2 Trophy, -2 Thoughtseize, +1 Kitchen Finks, +2 Collective Brutality, +1 EE, +1 Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet.

### Game 2 - Win

We both go to 6. He gets me to 8, but I shred his hand with double Collective Brutality into Kalitas. Sometimes, it's really nice to draw lucky.

### Game 3 - Win

I'm on the play. Holy fucking shit this one was close. I played mostly a removal game on his small creatures as he lit me up again. I manage to land a ScOoze on a key turn, and eat some stuff from his yard to keep myself alive at 1. After a couple turns fading burn spells, I kcommand in his upkeep in case he drew a creature so he can't block my ooze's lethal swing. He discards a Goblin Guide and I crash in for lethal.

## Post-event

So for 3-0 you get $30 store credit (entry is $12). I also got the promo pack for being top place! In it was what I think is the FNM promo (Kenrith's Transformation), but I also got a promo stamped Elderspell and Emry, Lurker of the Lake. Elderspell I've wanted for my thoughts on Esper Superfriends, but I was actually planning on buying a foil, extended art Emry for Commander. This one means more to me since I actually won it :) So I think I'm gonna build Emry EDH!
