# 2019-11-01 - FNM Report - Jund - (2-0-1)

No changes to the list since the ones I made after last week! 

## Round 1 - B.G. - Jund (Mirror) - Win (2-0)

Sorta quiet dude(ette)? Unsure what their pronouns are, but does some things that indicate m-to-f trans? Generally chill, a bit awkward, quiet, always brings their dog, and really tilts when not doing all that well. I've played them on a couple different decks, so I didn't know what to expect, so kept a generally decent 7.

### Game 1 - Win

BG was on the play, and landed a couple threats and disruption, but nothing more than a 1-for-1. They got stuck with awkwards lands and multiple LotVs in hand, where I ended up burying them with the card advantage of W6, Peatland, Liliana, and Tireless Tracker (which I missequenced a land the turn it came down).

The sideboarding is mostly just trying to add slight edges, so I started game 2 +1 Kitchen Finks, +2 Plague Engineers, +3 Fulminator mage, -4 Inquisition of Kozilek, -2 Thoughtseize.

### Game 2 - Win

BG got a Scooze and a Goyf on board really early to my W6 and Kitchen Finks. I attacked aggressively with my Finks, and they blocked poorly, trading their Goyf for my Finks' Persist trigger. This let me ping the 2/2 Scooze, and play a Plague Engineer on Ooze to clear their board. Double Fulminators keeping my opponent off Raging Ravine despite W6 +1 took me to a slow, but steady victory.

## Round 2 - Harlon - Mono-G Tron - Win (2-1)

Played against Harlon (my round 1 opponent from last week) again. He was on Tron. Fuck me.

### Game 1 - Loss

Game 1 he did Tron things and I got buried despite keeping an opening 6 with double Assassin's Trophy.

Game 2 I did my usual sideboarding vs Tron (+3 Fulminator, +2 Ouphe, +1 Alpine Moon, +1 Grudge, -2 Push, -4 Inquisition, -1 Abrupt Decay).

### Game 2 - Win

I managed to Thoughtseize away his only threat on a T2 Thoughtseize, but he locked out the Fuliminator I had in hand with a clutch top decked Sorcerous Spyglass. The Spyglass gave him one turn of Tron being online before I could deal with it (had to Maelstrom Pulse on turn, Fulminator the next). Luckily he didn't have a payoff, and I took him back off tron and managed to tear apart his hand from there on while blowing up any relevant lands he managed to land.

### Game 3 - Win

Okay. Game 3 vs Tron. I'm on the Draw. Fuck fuck fuck. He had all the right things to get tron together, but didn't have them in the best order. I had an Alpine moon in hand, but didn't want to turn on his Green fetching in hand, so I named the piece he didn't have in play. He played a forest so that he could claim my moon. In response to a TKS trigger, I blew up a Mine he had tutored out the previous turn to keep him off Tron for one additional turn, but edicting the TKS to draw into a threat and bad draws on his side got me there in the end.

## Round 3 - James - UW Control - Split (But Loss, 1-2)

Played against James on UW Control. He offered to split, and knowing how little I've played the matchup, I agreed. We agreed to split the prize money so we both essentially ended up 2-0-1. But with the promo pack on the line, we started our match.

### Game 1 - 

An early Thoughtseize saw Teferi, Path, Snap, and some lands. Most of what he drew after that was strong against creatures, and less strong against the W6+Lili ripping his hand apart. Eventually, I had him thoroughly buried in card advantage, so he conceded despite me having no actual threats yet.

### Games 2 & 3 - Losses

Being quite honest, games two and three weren't terribly eventful. He drew answers at the right time, we traded resources, and he edged out on top on both. Mystic Sanctuary looked really impressive on his side of the table. Well played by him, but I definitely sideboarded incorrectly. Learned a lot chatting with him on how to sideboard in the future, so we'll see how I do next time I play against UW.

## Post-event

Doubled my entry fee in store credit! Definitely happy with that as it lets me sort of write entry off as free for this sort of event. In the end, James and I got 1st and 2nd respectively and both ended up with a promo pack! He pulled a promo stamped Once Upon a Time and I pulled enough value in my pack to trade him for his Arena code :P Honestly, it was a garbage promo pack. Bought some discounted Katana sleeves to try 'em out since my Jund sleeves are getting gross (picked 'em up when I started playing GDS). Ended up playing my new EDH deck vs James while he waited for his food to be delivered. Neither of our decks are cEDH, but we both had a blast. I got to recur Spine of Ish-Sah 3 times in one turn at instant speed and he got to beat me to death with Talrand drakes and cantrip repeatedly!