# 2019-10-25 - FNM Report - Jund - (1-2)

Changes for the day! -1 Assassin's Trophy, +1 Abrupt Decay. Seems to be the split most lists are running, so I figured I'd give it a try.

## Round 1 - Harlon - Mono-G Tron - Loss (0-2)

Seemed pretty friendly and talkative, new to the shop so we shot the shit a little bit. As he's shuffling he aims his deck at me and I see a Tron land. Cue internal sad sigh.

### Game 1 - Loss

Game one we both keep seven and I'm on the play. I manage to shred and disrupt enough to keep him from doing much of anything for a while despite having multiple payoffs in hand. My two goyfs end up clocking him into lethal range (despite drawing heavy amount of lands) until he lands+cracks an OStone in one turn and I'm shut out.

### Game 2 - Loss

I did a bit of disrupting again, but not enough as Tron quickly did Tron things.

### Post-match

After this game, I tried my new Emry EDH deck against him and he whipped out his cEDH Gitrog deck and proceeded to play with himself for like 10 minutes. He seemed genuinely confused as to why I wasn't enjoying these 3 games. One fun fact though, I've been playing Magic longer than he's been alive.

## Round 2 - Ryan - Mono-G Tron - Win (2-0)

He missed Round 1 due to some public transit problems, so was planning on selecting a deck. He had two in nice sleeves and one in a box of clear sleeves that he had just built. He seemed like he wanted to play the clear sleeved deck, but was more comfortable with the other two. Encouraged him to play the deck he wants to play, but it's his choice. Found out later that I convinced him to play Tron instead of Titanshift. :')

### Game 1 - Win

Game one was a hella grind. I was on the play and managed to do a solid job of disrupting him enough to land clocks through his removal and get there. An important moment was seeing Ulamog and Karn (and some supporting cast) off a Thoughtseize. I took the Ulamog and let him keep the Karn, as I was confident that I was landing enough threats he'd have to down-tick the Karn, and put him into range for the Bolt in my hand. The planning paid off, I killed the Karn a few turns later and managed to beat down with Goyfs while he topped decked redundant Tron pieces.

### Game 2 - Win

Game 2 I did a little bit of disrupting and had an early Collector Ouphe to make his life a bit harder. I saw Ulamog, Ballista, and too much redundant supporting cast to deal with off an early Thoughtseize. I take the Ulamog feeling like I can outplay my opponent or force him into bad plays with the Tracker in my hand (as long as he uses the Ballista to try and delay my clock while he gets Tron online). He ends up playing the Ballista with x=2 after I drop my tracker. This as a key turn. I played a fetch land and he didn't kill the tracker in response to the trigger. Meaning I can now survive his ballista as long as I don't misplay. He attempts to kill my tracker in combat, and I generate a second clue and pop both at the right time so that he can't kill my tracker in between +1/+1 counter triggers. My 5/4 tracker and Ouphe preventing him from Expedition Mapping for his final Tron piece get me there. 1-1

### Post-match

Played most of a game against his UW deck he was most comfortable with between rounds. Seemed like it would have been an interesting game if we had time to finish.

## Round 3 - Jackson - Jund (Mirror) - Loss (0-2)

Played against Jackson in the Mirror (except he was +2 Seasoned Pyro, +1 BBE, -1 Tracker, -1Ooze, and some land differences).

### Game 1 - Loss

There wasn't too much exciting that happened game 1. It was pretty close but a mostly even exchange of resources. We both ended up top decking BBEs at clutch times, but he was running more and running hotter and he got there off the back of a BBE in a very close game.

### Game 2 - Loss

Game 2 was also a massive grind, but he had a couple more 2-for-1s that lined up really well. Seasoned Pyro is a fucking beating in the mirror. 1-2

## Post-event

Didn't place into money, but had a fantastic set of games in the last 2 rounds. After our games, Jackson and I talked a lot about strategy and building for Jund. After he and I chatted for a while, I made some changes: -1 Barren Moor, +1 Nurturing Peatland (up to 2), -1 Scavenging Ooze (down to 2), +1 BBE (up to 4), -1 (sideboard down to 0) EE, +1 (sideboard up to 2) Ancient Grudge. I'd really like to pick up a second Raging Ravine, a set of Bobs, a set of Seasoned Pyros, and get my last 2 Plague Engineer, but most of that will wait until January.