# 2020-02-16 - "Masters" Event - Jund - (1-3)

Soooo much has come out and shaken up since my last FNM. Opal/Lattice/Oko bans, 2 months of people being able to switch decks, and not touching Magic at all while on vacation. I wasn't exactly sure where I wanted the deck to be, but did a lot of theorycrafting with Pat and ended up with mostly the same main deck, and a heavily tweaked sideboard. Usually I give the +'s and -'s here, but given how much changed I'm just gonna put the full list at the end.

Wasn't able to play on Friday due to an absolutely wonderful Valentine's day and won't be able to play next Friday due to travel. Girlfriend asked if Magic only happened on Friday nights. Looked up my store and as luck would have it, they had a "Masters" event on Sunday. Run somewhere between an FNM and PTQ level of seriousness, it was a nice opportunity to actually get to play! As you'll see, I definitely needed the practice.

## Round 1 - Ben - 4c Snow-heeli - Win (2-0)

First round I got matched up against Ben. I had never played against him before, and he seemed like a pretty jovial dude I'd remember. After chatting a bit, I find out that he mostly plays on non-Fridays. On Fridays he really only plays the event I miss in the early afternoon. Cool we finally met though!

### Game 1 - Win

Given that we had just met, though, I had no idea what deck to expect from him. He wins the die roll, and I keep a decent seven with turn 1 interaction and some follow up. He keeps pulling crappy hands and eventually keeps a mull to 4. He plays Snow-covered Forest into Astrolabe and scoops to my Inquisition. Yay, a game win, but shit, how do I sideboard?

I suspect he's on something Bant snow-y. Maybe some Urza thing, maybe a Stoneblade variant? Definitely gonna expect Coatls though. To hedge my bets, I board out a Trophy (don't want to give a grindy deck more resources) and a Bolt and a Liliana since they seem worse than the cards I want to bring in (Ouphe, Veil, Vraska). Turns out this was garbage sideboarding.

### Game 2 - Win

Game two I mulligan to six, but it's a decent six. I have Klothys in my opener and I'm excited to try her out. I Thoughtseize on T1 and end up seeing a bunch of stuff including a Felidar Guardian. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh. Take that. Put that in the graveyard please. I T3 Klothys into a T4 BBE off of only 3 lands. Oh man that felt good. Landed a Liliana the following turn and was able to keep him off of Guardians and eventually strip his hand as Klothys slowly killed him in a way he couldn't interact with.

Had I known what my opponent was on, I definitely would have kept in the Trophy and Bolt (can kill Saheeli in response to downtick).

## Exhibition - Ben - Mardu Shadow

After our match, Ben offered to play some more since he'd brought a few decks. He pulled out his Mardu Shadow list and we went to work. I don't have a ton of notes about this since we were playing fast to finish between rounds, but Klothys once again did a lot of work. The hard-to-interact-with threat, and incidental graveyard hate is a very strong combo.

## Round 2 - Andrew - Dredge - Loss (0-2)

This Andrew (not the one you've interacted with on Discord) and I used to play against each other every event we were both at. I still chat with him a reasonable amount, so we know what each other are on before we even sit down. I'm worried, since my sideboard doesn't have a ton of graveyard hate, and the hate I do have is sorta slow.

### Game 1 - Loss

He wins the die roll and I keep at 6. I functionally start at 11 life as he Creeping Chills me three times in the first two turns. I have some removal, but can't deal with a horde of recurring Bloodghasts and Prized Amalgams and die very quickly.

-4 Liliana of the Veil, +2 Plague Engineer, +2 Ashiok, Dream Render

### Game 2 - Loss

Game two he starts much slower, so I'm able to get out an Ashiok on turn 3. Trouble is, he landed a Leyline of Sanctity in pregame effects and I completely forgot that I can mill myself to clear his yard. I punt by forgetting that interaction, he Conflagrates my Ashiok, and I shamefully die not much later.

Felt really salty after this round, not because I lost, but because I misplayed so hard. Need to keep on top of the interactions in my deck and what hate pieces people board in against me. Really a shameful round.

## Round 3 - James - UW Stoneblade - Loss (1-2)

Played against James again, one of the guys I really like chatting with at the Shop. In my last writeup, he was the masochist playing Izzet Phoenix in the first event. He plays a lot of different decks, including some brews, but pretty much all of them are Ux control of some form. I'm looking forward to the match, and definitely wasn't disappointed.

### Game 1 - Win

He wins the die roll and I keep seven and he keeps his six. I turn 2 play a Tarmogoyf (that would be a 0/X), and am rewarded by drawing out a Mana Leak. This clears the way for my turn 3 Bob and turn 4 Klothys. I use Klothys to power out a Bloodbraid and he Paths my Bob. He ended up handling the Bloodbraid too eventually, but between needing to handle threats I was playing and playing he own game, he couldn't actually touch the Klothys before she killed him.

I sideboarded awkwardly again. I suspected he was leaning more into the Stoneblade plan than he actually was and went -3 Tarmogoyf, -1 Scavenging Ooze (expected Rest in Peace), and brought in one each of Veil of Summer, Vraska, Choke, and Ouphe (this was the awkward one).

### Game 2 - Loss

Game two I don't have turn 1 discard and this comes back to bite me massively. He manages to cantrip, removal, and counter sequence the right way to invalidate my game plan. I manage to get a few beats in with a Bloodbraid and my lone Goyf, but he ends up killing me with a Colonnade. Ugh. Such is life versus a blue deck sometimes.

### Game 3 - Loss

Game Three, we start with 10 minutes left in the round. We both have solid starts, but I inch ahead as we end up hitting turns. We get to a point by the end of turns where I can double Kolaghan's Command to clear up his board and have a board state where I probably win, but we are out of allowed game actions. We end up talking and I give him the win. He got paired down, and him being 3-0 would be way better than my 1-1-1. And I honestly just came to play anyway. Some of my favorite games of the night, for sure. If only we had 10 more minutes.

## Round 4 - Isaac - Mono-Red Prowess - Loss (0-2)

Have never played against this guy before, but I didn't like his attitude. Seemed like he was a high schooler trying super hard to be cool and badass. Kind of annoying, but we had some solid talks about card choices in Pioneer Lotus Breach, so maybe it was an off night for him. Saw him in the round before playing Mono-Red. I would have mulliganed as if I didn't know, but he mentioned that I was on Jund before we shuffled up, so it was go-time.

### Game 1 - Loss

He kept seven and I kept a loose 6. Had a couple pieces of removal, but way too many lands. I got steam rolled in like 3 or 4 turns.

I haven't played this matchup a ton, but I'm super confident in my sideboard for it. -3 Thoughtseize, -1 Bob, +2 Collective Brutality, +1 Kitchen Finks, +1 Huntmaster of the Fells.

### Game 2 - Loss

I keep a 6-card hand with 3 pieces of removal, a Finks, and 2 lands. They're basics, but I figure I can make it work and keep my life total high without shocking. I end up drawing nothing but basic lands. I kill enough things to keep myself alive for a while, but never get the second green source to cast Finks (or any other spells for that matter). Sadness.

## Post-event

Ended 1-3, so not into money at all. Watched others play while waiting for Celestine to pick me up. James was in a really intense game 3 versus Golgari Yawgmoth when I left. Right as I was leaving though, I think he turned the corner and stabilized with a Rest in Peace with Cryptic Backup for any Yawg-y shenanigans. He added me on Facebook later to tell me he won and ended the night 4-0, so good for him :)

Then got picked up by a wonderful girlfriend and had a delicious homemade dinner while trying to figure out which fucking card was missing from my deck.

## Deck

### The Good

Some standouts today were definitely Abrupt Decay (cleaning up T3feri without providing an opening for countering was clutch), Klothys (won me multiple games as a consistent, hard-to-interact with clock and because of her incidental graveyard hate), and Ashiok. I think 2 is the right number of Ashiok in the board, and I think 1 is the right number of Abrupt Decay in the main, but I'm considering swapping out my last Ooze for another Klothys. I'm concerned it will raise my curve uncomfortably (moreso with Bob) and drawing duplicates will suck though, so I'm keeping a 1-1 split for now.

### The Bad

Some The biggest duds tonight were the last remaining Collector Ouphe and Ghost Quarter. I don't think there's enough artifact degeneracy in my meta to need Ouphe anymore, especially as Tron pretty much went extinct at my store while I was gone. And for the same reason, Ghost Quarter was really lackluster as well. On Fridays we tend to have a decent amount of Amulet, so I'm not sure yet if I'm going to keep the Ghost Quarter or swap it out for the second Raging Ravine. Thoughts appreciated on this :)

### The Decklist

My up to date list will always be at [deprecated]. Including changes made after this event, my latest decklist is:

```
4x Bloodbraid Elf (ema)
1x Abrupt Decay (rtr)
4x Liliana of the Veil (isd)
1x Scavenging Ooze (cmd)
4x Blackcleave Cliffs (som)
3x Inquisition of Kozilek (roe)
1x Raging Ravine (wwk)
4x Verdant Catacombs (zen)
1x Maelstrom Pulse (arb)
3x Thoughtseize (lrw)
4x Tarmogoyf (fut)
1x Blood Crypt (dis)
1x Ghost Quarter (dis)
1x Stomping Ground (gpt)
2x Dark Confidant (rav)
2x Overgrown Tomb (rav)
2x Bloodstained Mire (ons)
2x Wooded Foothills (ons)
2x Swamp (palp) 10
1x Forest (palp) 11
1x Mountain (palp) 13
3x Lightning Bolt (pf19)
2x Nurturing Peatland (mh1)
3x Wrenn and Six (mh1)
2x Assassin's Trophy (pgrn)
2x Kolaghan's Command (mb1)
2x Fatal Push (mb1)
1x Klothys, God of Destiny (pthb)

3x Fulminator Mage (shm) `Sideboard` 
1x Choke (tmp) `Sideboard` 
1x Vraska, Golgari Queen (grn) `Sideboard` 
1x Veil of Summer (m20) `Sideboard` 
2x Plague Engineer (mh1) `Sideboard` 
1x Huntmaster of the Fells // Ravager of the Fells (dka) `Sideboard` 
2x Collector Ouphe (mh1) `Sideboard` 
2x Collective Brutality (mb1) `Sideboard` 
2x Ashiok, Dream Render (war) `Sideboard` 
```