# 2020-01-10 - Double FNM Report - Jund - (2-1/2-1)

Was pretty happy with my maindeck after last week, but picked up some new sideboard stuff and wanted to pull out some things that were under performing. This ended up being a double edged sword later: winning me one game and I think potentially losing me another. In the sideboard I went -1 Nihil Spellbomb; -1 Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet; -1 Alpine Moon; +1 Ashiok, Dream Render (up to 2 in the board); +1 Vraska, Golgari Queen; +1 Veil of Summer.

I also went for my store's 4pm Modern event so I have 2 full events full of coverage and games! Honestly, some of my favorite Magic I've played in a very long time.

# Event 1 - 4pm - (2-1)

Was running a bit late for this, but had the amazing fortune of getting the parking spot on the street directly in front of the store. Turning my likely 10 minute search for a spot and 5 minute walk into a non issue. Still showed up a few minutes late so...

## Round 1 - Bye

… I started off my event with a bye! Got to watch some guys I know play their round. One verifiable masochist was jamming Izzet Phoenix at this event. Poor bastard.

## Round 2 - Sid - Amulet Titan - Loss (1-2)

Played against Sid on Amulet Titan. I've played against him a couple times since he started coming to the shop and have a couple write-ups on our games  so far. So I know what deck he's on. We usually have a little banter, but I'm not feeling like dealing with Amulet tonight so I'm a little blehhh.

### Game 1 - Win

I pretty effectively crush game 1 with a T1 Inquisition letting me know what he's up to and tearing it apart right as I need to (thank god for winning the die roll). IoK, W6, and Lili off an aggressive BBE take it.

I forgot to take sideboard notes this time, but I'll do my best to remember. I think I sideboarded -3 Push, -3 Bolt (neither lines up well into his creatures), +3 Fulminator, +1 Grudge, +2 Ashiok.

### Game 2 - Loss

Game two he takes the most bullshit and effective plan you can take against Jund as Amulet: mull to lands + Baloth. I Thoughtseize turn 1 and effectively seal my own fate as I end up not having the right removal to handle a big fucking baloth before he titans me out of the game. Ashiok managed to slow him down since he couldn't search off his titan, but it turns out 10 power on board is hard to beat without a board presence or removal.

### Game 3 - Loss

Game three he takes the SAME line. I once again Thoughtseize and fuck myself. This time I manage to have some removal for it, but blowing the removal means I don't have the Assassin's Trophy for more important lands later in the game that would have prevented him paying for pacts. Regardless, I manage to grind through and we end up on turns. He manages to lethal me with an alpha strike from Titan and Field Zombies when I have his exact life total between burn in hand and on top of my deck. Feels bad, but imo this is not a fun matchup for my particular list. 

That being said, this was some of the tightest lines I've seen in a match with Amulet and it literally came down to inches in final turns of a game 3. Fun round, even if I would have rather taken the W here.

## Round 3 - Daniel - Hardened Scales - Win (2-1)

### Game 1 - Win

Played against Daniel who I've played a lot since I started coming to this store. At least once every couple weeks. He's been on Hardened Scales for a while, but has a penchant for switching decks so it wasn't super sure. Game one I'm on the play. I IoK away his Ravager, and he draws triple Welding Jar as I sorta beat him to death.

I board in 1 Ancient Grudge, 2 Ouphes, and 3 Fuminator Mages. I wish I could remember what I boarded out because it felt really clean. I feel like it was probably some number of my grindy cards. Maybe a couple Liliana, Tracker and maybe a W6?

### Game 2 - Loss

Game 2 I just couldn't keep up my removal with his threats. I managed to kill most things, but ended up taking 6 poison damage before stabilizing the board. Unfortunately, a Throne of Geth off the top let him proliferate me to death.

### Game 3 - Win

Game 3, I take a look at his hand early and see Ravager, Stirrings x2, Opal, Hangarback Walker, and 2 Inkmoth. I had a Fulminator, some removal, and an Ouphe in hand. I figure I can play triggers well enough to beat the ravager, but the value of the Hangarback is too much and take that. It's super clutch that I'm on the play in this game, because I manage to land my Ouphe before his Mox Opal gets online to give him the green he needs to start Stirrings. I deal with his board and lock him out of a hand full of green cards with double Ouphe. Beat downs with 2/2s get me there.

# Between Events

Felt pretty good after beating Hardened Scales. It's a deck built off 2-for-1's, but I think Jund is actually pretty well placed in the matchup. Watched a guy I know at the shop play Legacy against a friend of his between events. He was playing ANT vs. his buddy playing 4c Control. Good chats and banter. There was a guy who looked sorta lost and quiet in a big black jacket milling about that sorta creeped me out, but chill like 45 minutes before my 7pm event.

# Event 2 - 7pm - (2-1)

## Round 1 - Nelson - 4c Shadow - Win (2-1)

First round! New event! Anything is possible! I get paired up against Nelson, he guy who was playing 4c Legacy Control between events. Shit. All his shit is foil and he's a really clean player. I'm so boned. I don't actually know what he's on, but I win the die roll.

### Game 1 - Loss

I Inquisition him and he picks up a Gurmag Angler off his Once Upon a Time. Shit. He's either on Jund Shadow or 4c Shadow, and I don't have much experience in either matchup. He powers out a T2 Angler and beats me to death as I don't have much to remove a 7 CMC 5/5. Misblocking an Angler leaving room for him to TBR is what actually puts me down.

I cannot remember AT ALL how I boarded. I think it was only 3 cards in/out, which had me worried. I felt like I had been ran over, but like I didn't have a ton to change.

### Game 2 - Win

Game two I Inquisition again and see Inquisition, Angler, Veil, Push, and some lands. I usually would 100% take the opponent's Inquisition, but Veil shuts off any of my removal and draws him too many cards to deal with so I take that instead. This game he puts himself down to 8 and gets me down to 12. A particularly clean play on my part: I had no way to remove his angler, so I attack w/ a Kitchen Finks and BBE (both 3 power). I wanted him to block either, BBE puts BBE in the yard, and Finks nets me some life. He blocks BBE, so I EoT KCommand to finish off the Angler and get back my BBE for some extra value next turn. He plays an Oko and almost manages to get me (if he stole my Finks he would have) but I manage to finish him off before Oko can lock me out.

### Game 3 - Win

On the draw. I'm terrified. He Inquisitions me early and sees some removal and a bolt which puts him on the back foot most of the game since he can't be as free with his life. I leave the bolt he knows about in hand and continue to drop threats and remove his creatures. At the end of the game he lets his life get down to 8, and I have the bolt he knows about in hand and another in hand. I need him to take 2 damage and have a bit of a board presence. He goes to block profitably with a Shadow. I Trophy it, he plays veil, and I respond with push to actually remove the Shadow which he scoops to.

### Post-match

Suuuper close match, but extremely fun to play. The most fun I've had playing against an Oko deck, but probably because he didn't draw it when it mattered game 3. Vraska also did some super good grindy work here and probably was what won me game 2. We ended up chatting about his deck after since I've been considering trying it out and generally chatting about the game for a while. Ends up being a super cool guy!

## Round 2 - Anthony - Mono-G Tron - Win (2-1)

Round two I get paired up against Anthony. Pretty jovial dude, was funny and chill and understood the annoyance of playing against Tron so he's okay :P

### Game 1 - Loss

I didn't know what he was playing, but my T1 Thoughtseize make it very clear that this round is gonna be a very uphill battle. I take his Wurmcoil, but he has some Tron lands, a Karn, a Sphere and a Sylvan Scrying to finish up his Tron. I manage to Abrupt Decay his Sphere to lock him out of the green he needs to finish Tron, but he top decks Tron and my life is over.

3 Fatal Push out, 3 Bolts out, 3 Fulminators in, 2 Ouphes in, 1 Grudge in.

### Game 2 - Win

Game 2 I completely shut him out. He veils my T1 discard, but I drop a Fulminator on Turn 3 and blow up a tron land. Turn 4 I KCommand, Turn 5 I Fulminator again. I continue to wreck his ability to produce mana and beat him to death with a very large Goyf.

### Game 3 - Win

Game 3 is like the epitome of this matchup. I Fulminator and KCommand repeatedly blowing up Tron lands (3 Towers and a Power Plant) and lock him out of finding more with 2 Ouphes I'm beating him down with. He still manages to top deck his 4th Tower, but luckily finds the wrong half of his cards (i.e. not his threats) as I beat him to death with my Ouphes and a giant Goyf.

### Post-match

This match was terrifying and suuuper tight. I think I played really well, but how chill my opponent was definitely made a usually miserable round super fun.

## Round 3 - Micah - Burn - Loss (1-2)

Round 3 I get paired against Micah, the sorta creepy dude in the black jacket from earlier who was milling about. Dude's suuuuuper chill and suuuuper funny. But, unfortunately, I know nothing about what he's playing.


### Game 1 - Win

Turn 1: Blackcleave, Thoughtseize and see Bolt, Goblin Guide, 3 Sunbaked Canyon, and a Foundry. Uh oh. This is scary preboard. I took a 1 lander, expecting to play a little long, so this hand is now way more risky than I thought it was going to be. He hits me turn one with his Goblin Guide and reveals a Liliana. Uh ohhhh. Miss my Turn 2 land drop. His turn two he hits me with 2 Goblin Guides and I get 2 fetch lands and push one of the guides. The land drops stabilize me and I kill him with me at 2 life.

Unfortunately, the Kalitas in my sideboard was my big hedge against Burn. I took it out this week, so my SB plan was a little weaker. I don't know too much about how burn plays here, but I made the mistake of leaving in all my removal pretty much (Micah sided out 6 of his 12 creatures). Not sure what else I could have brought in, but I'll need to revisit how I board for this matchup in the future.

### Game 2 - Loss

Game two he destroys me. He did the burn thing. One turn he suspended 3 rift bolts to take me from 11 to 2 and then easily cleaned up from there.

### Game 3 - Loss

Game 3 was, as was on theme for the night, extremely close. I had a liliana out and a finks beating him down and eventually locked up the ground with a Goyf as well. I felt pretty safe at 11 seeing as he had a turn ago had nothing but lands in hand. Was working away at his life, and had him at 8. At one point I was at 11 and he top decked the perfect 3 cards he needed to clean me up in time (Skewer off his Rift Bolt, Boros Charm x2). I missed a line where edicting myself to get the life gain off the Finks might have given me an extra turn, but it also would have given him an extra turn that I didn't kill him. I'm not sure if it lost me the game, but I'd probably do it differently given the chance.

## Post-event

Each 2-1 finish got me $18 in store credit, so $36 for $24 in entry fees isn't a bad night at all. Had some of the most interesting and fun games of Magic I've played in ages and met a lot of really cool people that I got to chat a bunch with throughout the night. Nights like these really remind me why I love this community and this game so much.

Deckwise, I'm super happy with Jund still. It really fits my playstyle and how I want to approach the game. I think next month with my Magic budget I'm gonna pick up 2 Bobs. I was really feeling the need for a single-card card advantage engine of some sort (W6 loops are great, but sometimes unreliable to get assembled). Alternatively, I was chatting a bunch with Nelson (my event 2, round 1 opponent), and he recommended I try out splashing blue in Jund. Add 2 Oko main, 1 to the board, and replace a Swamp and Mountain with a Breeding Pool and Watery Grave. If Oko makes it through the next B&R announcement, I'm definitely gonna consider it.

Thanks for reading, guys! Taking notes for these and writing these really helps me analyze my own play, and has become one of my favorite parts of FNM!