# 2020-01-03 - FNM Report - Jund - (2-0-1)

Made a couple changes after seeing Pat's list! I went -1 IoK, +1 Thoughtseize to make an even 3/3 split. I've never been a huge fan of the 4/2 split, there are just too many big things I need to remove from hands. I also went -1 Bolt, +1 Push (I liked Pat's split better). Was concerned about not having the basics to cast Liliana in situations where my mana is being attacked so I swapped a Forest for a Swamp.

## Round 1 - Thomas - Mono-U Tron - Win (2-0)

Played against Thomas. He hadn't played in months, but was dropping into the store to pick up some cards from a friend and use up the last of his store credit. Said he hadn't seen the cards in a while so I wasn't sure what to expect (pleaserino no Hogaakino).

### Game 1 - Win

I won the die roll (wtf that never happens), and we both keep seven. I turn one Thoughtseize and see Tower, Mine, Wurmcoil, Map, and THREE FUCKING CONDESCENDS. Okay so mono-U tron. I took the map since I didn't want him to have easy access to tron and I had a Maelstrom Pulse+Lili in hand to deal with the Wurmcoil. I start playing around the condescends, but a 5/6 Goyf pretty much gets the job done as I continue to shred his hand with Liliana.

Sideboarded: -3 Inquisition of Kozilek, -1 Fatal Push, -1 Abrupt Decay, +3 Fulminator Mage, +1 Alpine Moon, +1 Ancient Grudge. This was wrong. Definitely should have taken out more pushes and left in the Inquisitions.

### Game 2 - Win

Thomas gets stuck on a greedy one-land keep, and I beat him to death with large green creatures.

## Round 2 - Max - Ponza - Win (2-0)

### Game 1 - Win

Played against Max. I win the die roll and we both mulligan to six. Turn one I open with a fetch. He plays Forest into Birds of Paradise. Fetch, go to my turn, push the fucking bird. Turns out that locked him off of red for long enough for me to 1. realize he was playing Ponza and 2. Get a scary enough board presence in play before he Blood Mooned me that I could kill him anyway.

Sideboarding: +1 Kalitas, +2 Plague Engineer, -1 Scavenging Ooze, -2 Assassin's Trophy. This was horribly wrong. I was thinking the Trophies were hard to cast, but that's easily solved by fetching basics, and he has a lot of problematic permanents to deal with. Probably just -1 Ooze, +1 Kalitas in the future (if anything).

### Game 2 - Win

Game 2 I keep seven and he mulls to six. He leads off with an Arbor Elf, and I ain't fucking with that Utopia Sprawl ramp bullshit, so I murder it with the utmost disdain with one of my infinite removal spells. This game was a lot more fun. He had a couple scary BBEs that I was able to remove every turn, as his Cascades weren't terribly scary. He also played a couple KGCs. He was scared of my Wrenn and Six, and used his wish to get a Pithing Needle for it, but my own BBEs managed to keep his Karns off the table and eventually take him down.

## Round 3 - Seaver - 4c Shadow - Split (But Loss, 1-2)

Played against my friend Seaver on 4c Shadow. We agreed to split credit and play for the promo pack though, so awayyy we go!

### Game 1 - Loss

I somehow won the die roll for the third time in the night and get to go first. Unfortunately, the hands are pretty sparse of action or the right lands, so I mulligan to 5 vs his 7. I turn one Inquisition and see a hand of Shadow, Thoughtseize, Oko, Traverse, a land, and two Street Wraiths. Shit. I want to take everything else, but can't deal with Thoughtseize on a mulligan to five. He tanks his life pretty low, plays two Shadows, and when I go to Maelstrom Pulse them, he Stubborn Denials. Scoop.

Sideboard: I sideboarded so abysmally for this matchup I didn't even take notes on it. It was really really bad. I need to think more about this matchup.

### Game 2 - Win

Game two has a couple Once Upon a Times resolve, but they don't seem to find him anything interesting (a Plague Engineer that he sandbags forever because of removal he knows I have and an Overgrown Tomb). He keeps looking for stuff to do as I beat him down with a goyf. Every time he kills it I replace it. Eventually, he's at 3 life and I play W6 and immediately tick down. With some solid defense, I manage to keep my W6 alive and kill him with her last down tick.

### Game 3 - Loss

Game three starts with him failing to find with a Once Upon a Time. Never seen that before, so that's cool. But not long after that, he played an Oko and fucking buried me. I see now why Jund is considered not that great at the moment.

## Post-event

Doubled my entry fee in store credit again! Happy with that. Going forward, I really like the playstyle of Jund. I've seen a lot about 4c Shadow, but I honestly prefer the feeling of playing Jund, so I think I'm just gonna keep playing it and try to adapt to the meta instead of hopping to the next popular thing. May try Moist Jund, but probably won't be playing 4c Shadow next week like I was saying!